Ghost Riders in the Sky (lit. translation)
In a cold and dark night, in storm and rain
A lonely cowboy is riding on his old horse.
He is so far from home, where his fireplace is hot,
and where he is waited for by a woman whom he loves more than life.
He is very tired, but one can still hear him sing,
his voice, hoarse with whisky, sounds through the wailing wind.
But suddenly he falls silent, because high above him he sees
a herd of red-eyed cows, running through the clouds.
Yippee-yi-yay! Yippee-yi-oh!
The spirits of the riders are cutting through the black sky!
With much noise their hooves of steel are running,
Their eyes red and their horns shiny and black.
The smell of sulphur fills their air, his stomach's filled with gall.
Their raw, unearthy grunt goes right through his skin.
And they are followed by riders, thin as death himself,
soaked with sweat, on horses snorting fire.
They will be hunting them in the mud-black night forever,
these damned souls, hear their terrible cry:
Yippee-yi-yay! Yippee-yi-oh!
The spirits of the riders are cutting through the black sky!
The group is drawing closer and one calls his name:
„If you want to save your soul, then listen to these words -
Cowboy, change your life, or ride with us forever,
always riding behind the devil's herd across the endless sky.”
Yippee-yi-yay! Yippee-yi-oh!
The spirits of the riders are cutting through the black sky!
Ghost Riders in the Sky (original text)
An old cowboy went riding out one dark and windy day
Upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
When all at once a mighty herd of red eyed cows he saw
A-plowing through the ragged sky and up the cloudy draw
Their brands were still on fire and their hooves were made of steel
Their horns were black and shiny and their hot breath he could feel
A bolt of fear went through him as they thundered through the sky
For he saw the Riders coming hard and he heard their mournful cry
Yippie yi ohhhhh, yippie yi yaaaaay
Ghost Riders in the sky
Their faces gaunt, their eyes were blurred, their shirts all soaked with sweat
He's riding hard to catch that herd, but he ain't caught 'em yet
'Cause they've got to ride forever on that range up in the sky
On horses snorting fire as they ride on hear their cry
Yippie yi ohhhhh, yippie yi yaaaaay
Ghost Riders in the sky
As the riders loped on by him he heard one call his name
If you want to save your soul from Hell a-riding on our range
Then cowboy change your ways today or with us you will ride
Trying to catch the Devil's herd, across these endless skies
Yippie yi ohhhhh, yippie yi yaaaaay
Ghost Riders in the sky
