If we want to be rich, we need to work hard.
The eyes are blind. One must look with the heart.
I don't have the time to lower myself to your level by speaking to you.
So you have not died yet?
To my ears that sounds like Greek/Chinese.
Your parents were brothers!
When you see it, you fear it is – but when you eat it, you wish it were...
Don't take candies from strangers.
I don't know what it is, and I don't want to know it.
We are sitting in the night, and like the night, we are silent.
What is your name?
My Wenedyk is limited/small.
Don't ask her anything. Please, I will take care of her.
I am no fool, but I am lost.
Your anger is very dangerous. Who will save her if you hurt her?
What difference does it make if we are eaten by the Russians or by the Germans?!
God gave us teeth; the dentist will discover the cavities.
Never eat yellow snow!
Oh, how empty is our home without parrots!
A shark is a terrible fish with very big teeth.
OK, I've stolen the money, but I haven't broken the eggs.
The early bird catches the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The one who doesn't know anything and knows that he doesn't know anything knows a lot more than the one who doesn't know anything and doesn't know that he doesn't know anything.
I want to be a priest, just like my father.
„Shit, where is my vodka?” „Your vodka is probably there where it is always: in the bottle. And if it's not in the bottle, then take a look at your glass. And if it's not there either, then it should be in your stomach.”
I can eat glass. It doesn't hurt me.
Not a single intelligent person would say that the RTC is the navel of the world; but only a complete idiot would say that the world is the navel of the universe.
When the Venedic news predicts bad weather, then you can quietly plan an excursion for your self, because you can be sure that the sun will be shining the whole day.
I didn't know that you were a philosopher.
You can't add more years to your life, but you can add more life to your years.
I know who I want to take me home.
The dog with the man that I saw was green.
She sings in a way that makes her ridiculous.
The wind now blowing hates you who have ruled for so long.
If you call me insane again, I'll eat your other eye.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping in a closed room with a mosquito.
To be or not to be: that is the question.
That beautiful girl's name is Judith. Her beautiful blue eyes hide a great secret, a secret so terrible that it threatens world order. Judith's heart is evil: she does not believe in God.
