Krzysztof Kononowicz is a rather colourful Polish politician, who was running for mayor of Białystok in 2006. His campaign became vastly popular in Poland and even abroad. The following are extracts from his TV commercial, adapted for the world of Ill Bethisad, where Białystok (Jałbykliw) is part of Lithuania, so that Kononowicz, Krzysztof Kawaliniany in IB, is running for mayor of Męć Rzegały, *there*'s Kaliningrad. There is one more difference: Kononowicz wasn't elected, Kawaliniany however proved more successful. See here.
What's been happened?
My name is Krzysztof Kawaliny... Kawaliniany. I was born on the twenty-first of January in the year nineteenhundred three sixty-three in Straniolecat, province of Prussia. I want to present my biography. I finished the primary vocational school as a driver-mechanic. I own my possession – a wooden house. I have a mother, I have a brother. Daddy is dead. But daddy is very, very merited. He fought for Warsina, he fought for the Republic, he fought for God. But father isn't there anymore – he has left us. As I say – called for, changed his place of residence. He is in heaven now. And from there he is watching me being running for president of the city of Męć Rzegały. Thank you very much.
I want to do the following things for our city of Męć Rzyga... Męć Rzegały. To liquidate for the youth alcohol, cigarettes and dru... and drugs. To improve in our Męć Rzegały the local communication. Local and long-distance. Yes! Because our communication is very, very weak, very bad. To open factories and jobs for the youth and for people. Yes! And I very, very much want to do that. To improve in our city, in the whole city, in all Prussia, so that there won't be banditism, so that there won't be theft, so that there won't be anything. So that older people can cross, because even now there are coming to me... complaints, demands, older people, of advanced age, are asking me, that the youth is being harrassing them. But I am not being surprised, that the youth is harrassing older people, attacks, attack them and so on. Because the youth does not have jobs, it does not have jobs! Our factories in Męć Rzegały are destroyed, before being built. Instead of improving Męć Rzegały, so that there will be jobs, such like Baltex is destroyed, such like dairy factories in Męć Rzegały are destroyed, such like Spumacz in Wiekłostablęcie. Such like... and other factories are destroyed. And I also want to lead out the police into the streets. I want to lead out the police, so that the police will watch over all our order, because that is what the police and the town guards are there for. That is what they are for! That's why they are there! That's what they are for. And in the town hall... there will be neatness and order. There won't be bureaucracy, there won't be tattering, people will be only on truth. During wintertime architects will be designing plans for building roads, plans for building roads. I stress it once again: plans for building roads. And in Spring we will come out and build streets and... streets, because what kind of roads do we have? What kinds of roads? What's been happened in Korocin? What's been happened? And drivers, too, will be severaly punished for alcohol, for cigarettes, for everything. And I will also improve the borders in Jazin and Kmelice, so that the border between Danzig and us will be really, there will be really a border, so that there won't be smuggling, nor of cigarettes, nor or drugs, nor of alcohol. Thank you!
Ladies and gentlemen! I am running on behalf of... XXI Century Pussia. I ask you to give me your vote. That, what I've presented, my demands, all that I will do, and it is worth the effort to vote for me, because I am a really honest and righteous person. Not what other parties, other committees, other parties talk, but don't do anything, they haven't done anything for the city of Męć Rzegały, but what I have said, all of that I will do, because I am a faithful and religious person and I know in what kind of... in what way to do it, how to act, how to improve roads, how to do everything, how to liquidate cigarettes, how to liquidate everything. And I am asking the whole city of Męć Rzegały and all of Prussia to give me your vote, thank you.
